so you have the crowd here
you
okay awesome
now let's start recording we're live
yeah are certainly long can I do a quick
plug for the office I was cool them
seeing us now we're on video we're live
and now we're recording so hello
everyone and welcome to the ipfs weekly
call but we get the scene of great
things that are being built on top of IP
FS today we have a presentation about
keep Network but before we begin before
main presentation Ali has an exciting
announcement apologies for the people on
the call you know that is three times
but ipfs office hours is a thing that
happens just before the idea that's
weekly cool so you missed it because
this weekly pulls happening but it will
happen again next week and if you're
interested in contributing so I give
this but don't know where to get started
or you're running in a production and
you got some questions like we're there
to help its we are available to talk to
you come check anyway thank you very
much awesome once again Ali thank you
for doing this it's great all right so
we don't have any more announcements so
we will start and today's presentation
is about network tape network is an off
chain container for our private data and
we have block ha if your chain here to
tell us and talk about keeping Network
and how its using lid p2p so if I
further ado ah
václav appeal to thank you for being
here and I will turn it over to you so
you can present Thank you Thank You
Portia thank you for inviting us you're
really excited to be here review can you
see my screen yes okay awesome
so my name is Pioche together with raga
we would like to give you a presentation
about how do we use the p2p keep network
we will first talk about what is key and
how
it works and then we talk about how do
we you slip it to pee so jumping to keep
if I had to describe keep in just one
sentence I would said that keep the
privacy liar for public dog chains over
the last few years public blockchains
pros incredible transparency and
auditability with in the table and
censorship resistant records however any
smart contract that is published to the
blockchain can be easily accessed by
competing interests so when companies
consider building applications on
blockchain privacy is one of the primary
issues that arise and keep is a bridge
between public blockchain and private
data so public contracts can held as the
full power of blockchain technology
without compromising on transparency and
privacy we can also say that keep is a
form of a private computer able to store
and compute data hidden even from itself
one of the underlying primitives of keep
network is the random beacon which is
responsible for providing a trusted
randomness source for public blog chains
we can divide keep Network into two
parts the part that we call on chain is
a set of aetherium contracts that sell
as a kind of an api to our network the
second part that we call off chain is a
connected network of keep clients which
use special communication protocols to
serve requests from the chain for now we
can focus on random become because from
the perspective of the PE we will use
pretty similar mechanisms for all other
futures of hip network so the way when
the beacon works is that external client
publishes a request to the chain the
request says please produce a random
number for me keep clients receive this
request from the chain and subset of
them those clients that are in the group
which is the chosen group cooperate to
produce a random number
the way this cooperation protocol is
designed does not allow anyone to employ
the result and the result can be later
cryptographically proved to be free of
manipulation so keep coins published the
result to the chain and they start
another protocol called group selection
that will allow them to elect a new
group and this new group will be added
to group registry and this group this
new group may or may not be asked in
future to produce a new random number
this is also kinda random which group is
chosen so if you look at it from off
chain perspective this part that is
connected to the chain we have a clients
connected to each other using clip p2p
inside this network clients form groups
one note one pill can be a member of
several groups clients peers communicate
inside those groups groups are chosen
randomly and they have a limited time
span from the perspective of the network
we need the following properties so
clients must be able to efficiently
exchange messages inside those groups
messages must have a very very high
delivery rate inside the group some
communication the group has to be public
some communication has to be kept
private between two clients we require
message attribute ability so sender must
be well defined and the message must
provide senders of the station we
require integrity of messages so we need
to be able to detect a message was
tampered and we need a pill discovery
mechanism that when a new client joins
join join the network so lead p2p and
specifically the purpose of
implementation and build up being cover
that ended up being this decided as a
best option for us
mainly because client is written and go
our clients in training go and the p2p
was actively developing go ipfs and
Goldie p2p suit off libraries no rocket
will present how exactly it looks under
the hood right like so Peter said when
we started this adventure about like a
year and a half ago the options were
really led p2p go
with areum's discovery code that they
have and then rolling your own and we
decided to you know join would p2p and
ipfs because they had quite a bit of
traction and so how we use it in our
code is that clients come in with an
aetherium account
these are ECDSA keys and so we have
interfaces between our aetherium code
and our live p2p code and we take these
ECDSA keys and we turn them into the Lib
PDP representation and then from there
we get our peer ID and we also use
listen address we use DHT hosts custom
transports so we instantiate all this
stuff and that kicks off our network
that allows the client to connect to the
lid p2p network and then going to the
next slide you'll see that what we do
from here is that clients need to find a
bootstrap list and so like well table
show a bunch of bootstrap nodes we're a
little worried about this because they
seem like boss vectors
but we'll publish these nodes clients
will connect to the bootstrap nodes one
of the things that we need to do is
ensure that there's a good diversity of
bootstrap nodes that clients can connect
to also retries and things like that
one of the interesting things that we
got it to do is that we wrote our own
custom transport to hijack a connection
before the key client joins a network
that would p2p network what we do here
is we get the connection
we check the PA look to the hear each
other stay chained then they do a bit of
a handshake like a little bit of a
challenge response and once they've
authenticated each other like okay
you're good to go you're good to join
the network so Peter mentioned that we
have a group selection protocol in that
group selection protocol clients
basically submit tickets on the chain
they're validated like okay these
tickets are good this is how many shares
you get and that allows you to join the
pub/sub channel and so basically the
pump sub channels just like a you know a
randomized words just a hash of all the
clients and they join this channel and
every group is its own pubs own channel
this is a topic and go with PDP pub/sub
so we just like form that topic and we
currently use flood sub we've played
around with gossip stuff but we want to
initially go with flood song so that
there's a good you know diversity of
messages hitting all the peers and if we
see that episode of gossip sub are
better for a use case in the future will
do that so sending a message and these
the next few slides are a little bit out
of date because we updated the p2p to
take advantage of the strict signing and
verification so what we do is we just
you know we get this protocol message
whatever protocol the clients are
executing so there could be dkg or relay
signing and what we do is we marshal be
specific protocol message we like
register sub handlers and then we just
send it we just call publish we no
longer have our internal signing code we
just got it all let out and we're
relying on the PDP for signing the
message and verifying it and so this is
what the message layer looks like again
we use protobuf you'll see the lid PDP
pub/sub message and then you can just
ignore the network envelope because we
removed all that and now it's as simple
as the network message itself right and
so for receiving a message we basically
call next which is a method that the
pub/sub interface exposes
and every message is basically treated
like an HTTP request we're like okay
this is a mute go routine process that
message and then call the correct
handler to send it to the correct
protocol that executes right and so we
also wrote a little bit of custom code
for example handling the different key
types but again we primarily focus on
ECDSA and ensure that they're
interoperable with each other and we
have some custom handling code as well
right so things that we need to do or
that we could use so one of the things
is that we need deep connection
management I believe this is going to be
possible with the connection manager but
I'm not entirely sure the reason we need
this is to disconnect clients that fall
below the stinking threshold also if we
need to disqualify view there's a given
round of the protocol so we need
something that can let us like Band
connections or cut them or you know
server them for some period of time we
need more resilient bootstrap as
mentioned before so that's to ensure
that we get a good diversity of booster
appears and then we need to have a retry
er there's a few options here we could
have something as simple as just like
retrying code or something a little bit
more complicated like what Hashi corp
implements and swim and the last thing
is this rework validation pipeline and
Golub PB pub/sub so currently we're
anchored to a commit that is in PR
review this is because after updating to
strict to enabling signing within Golub
p2p pub/sub we noticed that some of us
could run our end end code our
experiments and some of us couldn't and
we noticed that once we enabled signing
messages had a higher frequency of
dropping for some folks on our team and
we finally realized that it's because
validation what's happening in line and
this commit right here
splits it up into synchronous and
asynchronous validation which allows
messages to be processed so expensive
things get pushed off async and then
basic structural checks happen in line
and it would be great to get that
version ASAP so that we can be back on
master yeah so thanks that's our
implementation hopefully that was
there's enough information awesome thank
you very much do you mind okay um next
is QA so if anyone has a question they
could put it in chat that would be
wonderful
so there are any questions regarding um
network and Lupita Pete implementation
um I have one question could you tell us
in like a higher level who is using like
a peak network like whenever building a
smart contract and they need to network
and they need to have a public contract
but a private container of data like
water to use cases that you're seeing
initially so we're going to be launching
our private test net pretty soon here so
we haven't launched yet but the folks
that were looking to work with our folks
lot who need who need these private
containers to like you know Aragon or a
few folks like that are pretty
interested in these use cases folks that
need decentralized custodial solutions
would be very interested in this this
technology one of the keeps that were
looking at in pewter is given a few
talks on this that you guys can find
online our Tec DSA keeps threshold at
least DSA keeps that's going to be our
first type and we're actually building
our first product in that which will you
know we'll announce more on that later
so anybody who needs a decentralized
custodial solution and anybody who needs
private containers for data that could
be interesting to mask some information
from some period of time but initially
we're just focused on tec tsa cubes so
anybody that has
a private ECDSA keep that needs to be
remote-controlled or kept securely on it
there him and anyone who needs
randomness in public blockchain which is
actually right now not very possible
keep Network make makes it available
excellent thank you do we have any other
questions okay all right um if we don't
have any other questions then I thank
you very much for presenting we can
leave it here we can end here on
everyone you get about 13 minutes back
and I will see everyone else at the next
I can't that's weekly meeting so once
again thank you very much for
representing expression thank you thank
you take care